// Name : kunal Singh
// Roll No. : 19CS30025

*** The positive tests should pass and the negative tests should fail. ***

Scenarios for application testing :
    invalid booking : due to stations , invalid date of booking / reservation , date of reservation more than one year than
                      date of booking , invalid passenger details should fail.

    the fare for station A to station B and station B to station A should be the same
    multiple bookings should be allowed on the same date of booking for the same passenger.
    multiple bookings should be allowed on the same date of booking for different passengers.
    multiple bookings should be allowed on the same date of reservation for the same passenger.
    multiple bookings should be allowed on the same date of reservation for different passengers.
    multiple bookings from the same departure station should be allowed
    multiple bookings to the same arrival station should be allowed
    multiple bookings for the same booking class should be allowed
    multiple bookings for the same booking category should be allowed
    different booking classes for the same set of stations should be allowed
    different booking category for the same set of stations should be allowed.
    the fare between two stations should be independent of the date.
    the fare between two stations should be dependent on the bookingclass.
    the fare between two stations should be dependent on the bookingcategory.
    the fare between two stations should be dependent on the passenger disability , age and gender.

    the PNR should serially increase for each booking
    each booking must be added to the booking vector
    the fare should be computed correctly according to the business logic given.



Scenarios for unit testing : (Golden outputs are provided in the unit test function of the respective classes)
1) Date class :
    Correct date construction should pass
    If month > 12 , the construction should fail
    If year < 1900 , the construction should fail
    If year > 2099 , the construction should fail
    If month = 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 12 then date = 31 allowed
    If month = 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 12 then date > 31 not allowed
    If month = 4 , 6 , 9 , 11 then date = 30 allowed
    If month = 4 , 6 , 9 , 11 then date > 30 not allowed
    If month = 2 and leap year then date = 29 should be allowed
    If month = 2 and not a leap year then date > 28 should not be allowed

2) Station class :
    Any station with non empty name should be constructed
    A station with an empty name should not be constructed
    Two stations with the same name should be equal
    GetName() function should properly return the name of the station
    GetDistance() function should return the distance between the two stations

3) Railways class :
    no duplicate station name should be found
    no duplicate distance should be allowed
    no distance between same two stations should be allowed
    a given station should be found in the station vector of the class.
    GetDistance() function should return the distance between two station.


4) Passenger class :
    at least one of first name and last name should be non empty .
    middle name may be empty.
    date of birth must be valid.
    aadhar should be 12 length long digit only string.
    mobile number should either be empty or be a 10 length long digit string.

5) Booking class :
    fromStation and toStation must be valid.
    The distance between the above pair of stations must exist in the railways.
    date of booking must be valid.
    date of reservation must be valid.
    date of booking must be later than date of reservation and within one year of it.
    passenger should be valid.
    passenger's date of birth should be less than date of reservation.

6) AC2Tier : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members

7) AC3Tier : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members

8) ACChairCar : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members

9) ACFirstClass : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members

10) FirstClass : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members

11) SecondSitting : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members

12) Sleeper : 
    the data members of the class should be properly set
    the function methods should properly return the data members


